hey everyone welcome to this which is my
seventh
in an eight part series all about
communication tips
for leaders we've come a long way in the
previous six videos everything from
public speaking tips
to how to run an effective zoom meeting
make sure and check out
all of those other videos as part of
this series
and even the first video explained why
i'm doing this series the first place
and it comes down to the fact
that most employees say that their
leaders aren't good communicators
and i want to help you fix that while
the other videos in the series have
mostly been for
leaders who have employees or are
leaders of groups or that type of thing
this video is more for thought leaders
in general who maybe have an
audience or a following or something
along those lines
and how you communicate to those people
because common ways of communicating are
things like newsletters or
emails or various things like that and
this video in the series is about
leveraging
the way i'm communicating to you right
now and that is through
video earlier in the series i talked
about the breakdown
of communication and why body language
and vocal tone and variety are
so important and it comes down to the
concept that
93 of communication is
other than the actual words so 55
is body language 38 of the way a message
is communicated
is vocal tone and variety and so when we
think about that if we're writing
emails to people they're relying on
seven percent to get full meaning and
understanding
whereas through a video you're able to
hear my voice you're able to see me you
can
recognize that that combined with the
words i'm saying
it gives you a hundred percent of the
message i'm trying to convey
as a leader it is essential for you to
be leveraging
video to stay connected to those people
who follow you now videos like this are
a little bit more of a professional
setup i have the appropriate
lighting and i have the microphone
that's going to sound really great on
your side
but it doesn't have to be this type of
video this type of video is great for
those professional
style communication pieces you need to
put out but even if you don't have the
professional setup you can still
record videos even if it's on your phone
or anything along those lines to stay
connected to people because again
they're going to be able to see your
expressions
to hear your voice and that is going to
be a much more effective way of
communication
but even if you don't have access to
professional equipment
just shooting a video even if it's on
your phone i believe
is better than text communication and
that side of things because again
people are able to see you they're able
to fully get your message
one really powerful video use for
leaders to consider
is something like the app bomb bomb
or really any individual one-to-one
video whether it's sent through
messenger anything along those lines
and people have this this thought or
this understanding that
oh it takes too long to shoot video but
i've done this countless times i've sent
a bomb bomb
email video email and it's
quicker than if i was to type out the
text in that email because i'm just
looking at my phone i'm saying the words
that i want to say
i hit send it goes to that email address
and boom it's done and there are other
platforms other than bomb bomb
as well but definitely look into some of
these because it is a great way to stay
connected
to those who follow you i'm constantly
blown away by how many leaders
are not using video they're stuck in
their email communications
or those types of things and i believe
this is a real opportunity
to not just do a video a month but to
really
make it part of your daily practice
whether it's a one-to-one video
or whether you go on facebook live and
then can answer
questions in real time by being
accessible
you're going to gain the respect and
trust of those that you lead
thank you everyone for checking out this
video in this series if you like this
content please subscribe to my channel
and check out the other videos as part
of this series part of this playlist